# Proximity Code Challenge

Project used for give solution to code challenge provide it for Proximity

Important libraries that I used for build the solution

- Express
- DotEnv (Environment management)
- Swagger (API Explorer and Definition)
- Backpack (Compiler)
- TSLint and Prettier
- Mocha, Chai and Istambul (Testing and Coverage)
- Mongodb-memory-server
- Lodash
- Moment Js
- csvtojson

## Asumptions and general decisions

I provided 3 csv files located on "uploadsTest" folder.
The file name is using format <provider name>.csv. The idea is that the upload process just need the provider name for upload the new data.

The CSV files names are:

1. provider1.csv, which is used for provider name: provider1
2. provider2.csv, which is used for provider name: provider2
3. provider3.csv, which is used for provider name: provider3

Each provider has a basic setup for process the corresponding file. On this configuration we setup the delimiter used on the csv file.

For process a csv file you have to rename the file with the provider name corresponding. Please use one of ['provider1', 'provider2', 'provider3'].
If the server is running please paste the file inside "build/uploads" folder.
If the server is not running please paste the file inside "uploadsTest" folder.

After that please execute the endpoint "localhost:3000/api/vehicles/uploadProviderCsv" with a provider name like parameter.

Execute endpoint "localhost:3000/api/vehicles/" for retrive the data saved on data base.

The compile process is in charge of take the files inside "uploadsTest" folder and make a copy on "build/uploads" folder.

## Install It

```
npm install
or
yarn install
```

## Environment files

Server mode: use ".env" file for load environment variables.

Test mode: use "test.env" file for load environment variables.

## Run It

#### Run in _development_ mode:

```
npm run compile
npm run dev
```

#### Run in _production_ mode:

```
npm run compile
npm start
```

#### Run in _test_ mode:

```
npm run compile
npm run test
```

### Try It

- Point your browser to [http://localhost:3000/swagger](http://localhost:3000/swagger)

### Swagger documentation

Swagger documentation is annotated on each file, then bundled and generated by the `swagger-jsdoc` library. See [swagger-jsdoc Getting Started](https://github.com/Surnet/swagger-jsdoc/blob/master/docs/GETTING-STARTED.md)
